<details>
<summary> Insta360 User Service Agreement</summary>

</details>

<details>
<summary> Welcome to Insta360!</summary>

To provide better services for you, before you start to use Insta360 mobile applications, software products and related services, please read carefully and fully understand the terms of the Insta360 User Service Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement"), especially the terms of exemption or limitation of liability, applicable law, and dispute resolution. Terms of exemption or limitation of liability and other terms involving your vital rights and interests may be in uppercase or underlined to remind you to pay attention. If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact Insta360 customer service at service@insta360.com

IF YOU ARE UNDER EIGHTEEN YEARS OF AGE, PLEASE READ CAREFULLY AND FULLY UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT ACCOMPANIED BY YOUR LEGAL GUARDIAN, AND USE THE PLATFORM SERVICES AFTER OBTAINING THE CONSENT OF THE LEGAL GUARDIAN. 

PLEASE DO NOT USE THE PLATFORM SERVICES UNLESS YOU HAVE FULLY READ, FULLY UNDERSTOOD AND ACCEPTED ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. BY FILLING IN THE INFORMATION AS PROMPTED ON THE REGISTRATION PAGE, READING AND AGREEING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND COMPLETING THE ENTIRE REGISTRATION PROCESS, YOU HAVE FULLY READ, UNDERSTOOD AND ACCEPTED THESE TERMS AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT AND OTHER AGREEMENTS AND RULES RELATED TO THE PLATFORM SERVICES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE INSTA360 PRIVACY POLICY) AS A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT, BECOMING A USER OF INSTA360.

If you have not applied for the registration process, or have been a registered user of the Platform prior to the effective date of this Agreement, by accessing and/or using our Platform Services, you are deemed to agree to be bound by these terms.

Insta360 reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to arrange or designate its affiliates, controlled companies, successor companies or third-party companies approved by Insta360 to provide the services to you as required by Insta360. You acknowledge and agree that by receiving the services, you accept that the rights and obligations of such parties are also governed by this Agreement.

The headings of each term are intended to assist you in understanding the subject matter of the terms and do not affect or limit the meaning or interpretation of the terms of this Agreement. In order to protect your rights and interests, you are advised to read the specific expressions of each term carefully.

1. DEFINITION
1.1 Platform Operator/We: each legal entity that individually or collectively refers to the operation of the Platform.
1.2 Platform: websites and related clients including https://www.insta360.com, Insta360 APP, Insta360 ONE X APP, Insta360 GO APP, Insta360 Nano APP, Insta360 NanoS APP, Insta360 Air APP, Insta360 ONE APP, PanoClip APP, etc.
1.3 Platform Services: services we provided to you based on the Internet in various forms including the Platform (including new forms of services emerging from future technological development), as detailed in Section 5.
1.4 Platform Rules: all rules, interpretations, announcements, etc. that have been released and subsequently released on all our Platforms, as well as various rules, implementation rules, product descriptions, announcements, etc. issued by the Platform in channels, activity pages, help center, etc.

2. SCOPE OF AGREEMENT
2.1 Contracting parties
This Agreement shall be legally binding on both you and our Platform Operator. Under this Agreement, our Platform Operator may be changed according to the business adjustment of the Platform, and the changed Platform Operator will comply with this Agreement and provide services to you, and your rights and interests under this Agreement shall be guaranteed. New Platform Operator may be added for the provision of new services on the Platform, and if you use the new services on the Platform, you shall be deemed to agree that the new Platform Operator shall jointly perform this Agreement with you. In case of dispute, you may determine the subject of performance and the other party of dispute according to the specific service you use and the specific behavior object that affects your rights and interests.
2.2 Supplementary Agreement
Due to the rapid development of the Internet industry, the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement concluded by you and us cannot fully enumerate and cover all rights and obligations of you and us, and the existing agreements cannot guarantee full compliance with the needs of future development. Therefore, the relevant statements, policies, rules and agreements released on the Platform are all supplementary to this Agreement, which are inseparable from this Agreement and have the same legal effect. If you use our Platform Services, you are deemed to agree to the aforesaid supplementary agreements.
The Platform system may be upgraded occasionally and various new features may be added, including but not limited to the user registration feature and the associated video and picture storage features under the registration account, etc. Your continued use of our Platform Services is deemed to be your knowledge of our Platform system upgrades and changes and your agreement to abide by the latest rules of our Platform.

3. ACCOUNT REGISTRATION AND USE
3.1 User Qualifications
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU SHALL BE A NATURAL PERSON, LEGAL PERSON OR OTHER ORGANIZATION WITH FULL CAPACITY FOR CIVIL CONDUCT WHEN YOU START TO REGISTER, LOGIN AND ACTUALLY USE OUR PLATFORM SERVICES. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE THE AFOREMENTIONED QUALIFICATIONS, YOU AND YOUR GUARDIAN SHALL BEAR ALL THE CONSEQUENCES CAUSED BY THIS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. IN PARTICULAR, IF YOU ARE A MINOR, PLEASE ACCESS AND/OR USE OUR PLATFORM SERVICES WITH THE CONSENT AND GUIDANCE OF YOUR GUARDIAN.
3.2 Account description
After you fill in the information as prompted on the registration page, read and agree to this Agreement and complete the entire registration process, you may obtain an account on our Platform and become a user of our Platform.
You have the right to log in to our Platform using the user name, email address or cell phone number (user name, email address and cell phone number are collectively referred to as "User Name") you set or confirm for our Platform and the password you set (User Name and Password are collectively referred to as "Account").
Owing to the association between the user’s account and user’s information, you may transfer your account only if expressly provided by law or regulation, judicial decision or with our consent and in accordance with the Account transfer process set forth in the Platform Rules. Once your Account is transferred, the rights and obligations under the Account will be transferred as well. In addition, your Account may not be transferred in any manner whatsoever, otherwise, all liability arising therefrom shall be borne by you.
In order to enable you to better use the Platform Services, we recommend that you complete your real name verification in accordance with our Platform requirements and relevant laws and regulations. If your Account has not been logged in for a long period of time, we have the right to cancel it and other liquidation, and your Account will no longer be able to log in to any of our Platform and the corresponding services will be terminated. We will notify you by means including but not limited to website announcement, in-site message, push notification, etc. before liquidating such accounts.

4. REGISTRATION INFORMATION MANAGEMENT
4.1 Truthfulness and legality
BY USING OUR PLATFORM SERVICES, YOU CONFIRM THAT THE REGISTRATION INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE ON OUR PLATFORM IS TRUE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE, LEGAL AND VALID, AND THAT ANY CHANGES TO YOUR REGISTRATION INFORMATION SHOULD BE UPDATED IN A TIMELY MANNER SO THAT WE CAN CONTACT YOU IF NECESSARY.
You understand and agree that if the registration information provided by you is not legal, true, accurate or detailed, you shall bear the corresponding responsibilities and consequences arising therefrom and we reserve the right to terminate your use of our Platform Services.
The user name you set up shall not violate the Chinese laws and regulations and the Platform Rules on user name management, otherwise we may suspend the use of your user name or cancel it and report to the relevant competent authorities.
You understand and promise that your user name, avatar and profile and other registration information shall not contain illegal and undesirable information, there shall be no fraudulent use of or associate with institutions or social celebrities. In the process of account registration, you shall comply with the seven bottom lines: abide by laws and regulations, socialist system, national interests, legitimate rights and interests of citizens, public order, social morality and ethics and authenticity of the information.
In order to provide you with better services and ensure the safety of your Account, you agree and authorize us to initiate inquiries on the authenticity of the user's identity, the user's credit record, and the validity status of the user's cell phone number to reliable units such as national citizen identification number inquiry service centers, telecommunication operators, and financial service institutions based on the information you provide such as your cell phone number and ID card number.
4.2 Update Maintenance
You shall update the information you provide in a timely manner, and in the event that the law clearly requires us to verify the information of some users, we will check and verify your information from time to time in accordance with the law, and you shall cooperate in providing the latest, true and complete information. You shall bear all consequences arising from inaccurate and untrue personal information provided by you.
If we are unsuccessful in contacting you according to the last information you provided, or if you fail to provide information in a timely manner as requested by us, or if the information you provide is obviously inaccurate, you will bear all losses and adverse consequences caused to yourself, others and us.
4.3 Account Security Policy
Your Account is set up and maintained by you. You are advised to keep your account and password secure, to avoid using overly simple passwords, and to ensure that you log out at the end of each online session and leave our Platform in the correct manner. We are not responsible for any loss, forgetting or theft of your account or password that is not caused by our Platform. If you find that your personal information has been compromised, please contact us immediately.
Your Account is for your personal use only and may not be lent or shared with others. When your account is used without authorization, you should immediately notify us, otherwise the unauthorized use is considered your own actions, and you will be responsible for all the resulting losses and consequences.

5. OUR PLATFORM SERVICES
Our Platform provides you with services including but not limited to the following:
Connecting to and controlling our camera products, managing camera content (including but not limited to modifying and deleting videos, images and text in the camera, sharing camera content to our servers or other third-party platforms), and other technologies and/or services provided by our Platform (hereinafter the “Other Technologies and Services”). 
Our Platform Services are limited to your use on the Platform, and any service obtained by separating the Platform Services from the Platform by malicious cracking or other illegal means is not part of our Platform Services as agreed in this Agreement. The perpetrator shall be responsible for all legal consequences arising therefrom, and we will pursue the legal responsibility of the perpetrator in accordance with the law.
The only legal way to download, register, log in and use our Platform Services is the way officially announced on our Platform, any other channel, any way you obtain our Platform Services (including and not limited to Account, points, experience value, points goods, exchange goods, gifts, downloads, etc.) is illegal, we do not recognize its validity, and once found, we have the right to immediately delete, cancel, clear, block, etc. Any adverse consequences resulting from this shall be borne by you.
We have the right to announce to you (including but not limited to pop-up pages, website announcements, in-site messages, etc.) about the modification, replacement and upgrade of any software and firmware related to our Platform Services. If you do not agree with or accept the modification, replacement or upgrade of the software and firmware related to our Platform Services, please directly refuse to upgrade the relevant upgrade services and stop using our Platform Services, otherwise you are deemed to agree and accept the modification, replacement or upgrade of the software and firmware related to our Platform, and such agreement and acceptance are still subject to this Agreement.
You understand and acknowledge that you have no ownership rights to the derivatives such as usage records, subscriptions, favorites, points, experience value, growth value, rank, identification, coupons, virtual point products, virtual exchange products, virtual gifts, downloads, etc. that you obtain by using our Platform website or our Platform account (unless otherwise announced on our Platform), and we permit you to use them in accordance with our Platform Rules. We will not be liable for any such derivatives.
You agree and warrant that you will not use our Platform Services or its derivatives (including, but not limited to, accounts, points, rank, point products, event giveaways, downloads, and other services) for the purpose of reselling, exchanging, pledging, or otherwise illegally trading them for value. You will not use our Platform Services or its derivatives to violate the legitimate rights and interests of others, and you are prohibited from stealing or misappropriating other people's accounts, points, point products, etc. through network vulnerabilities, malware or other illegal means.
You understand and acknowledge that if you pay or top up your Account on our Platform through a third party-payment instrument, any business risks that may arise (including but not limited to illegal activities by wrongdoers using your Account or valuable cards such as bank cards), such risks may cause you corresponding economic losses, and we shall not be liable for your aforementioned risks and losses, provided that we fully perform our obligations under this Agreement and comply with the legal requirements.

6. SERVICE SPECIFICATION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS STATEMENT
6.1 You may upload, post or transmit content, including but not limited to text, software, programs, graphics, images, sounds, music, videos, audio and video, links and other information or other materials (the “Content”) on our Platform through our Platform Services, provided that you assume legal responsibility for such Content.
6.2 YOU MUST ENSURE THAT YOU OWN THE COPYRIGHT OR ARE LEGALLY AUTHORIZED TO USE THE CONTENT THAT YOU UPLOAD, POST OR TRANSMIT ON OUR PLATFORM. UNLESS PROVEN TO THE CONTRARY, BY UPLOADING, POSTING OR TRANSMITTING CONTENT USING OUR PLATFORM SERVICES, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT AND AGREE TO GRANT US, WORLDWIDE, PERPETUAL, IRREVOCABLE, FREE OF CHARGE, THE RIGHT TO:
(1) store, use, post, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works based on, transmit, perform and display the Content.
(2) incorporate the Content, in whole or in part, into any other work, media, or technology of any kind.
(3) commercially exploit your uploaded, posted content.
(4) to provide your computer terminal, mobile communication terminal (including but not limited to portable communication devices such as cell phones and smart tablets, etc.), handheld digital audio and video playback devices, television receiving devices (analog signal receiving devices, digital signal receiving devices, digital TV, IPTV, playback devices with Internet access, etc.), etc. through wired or wireless networks for the downloading of information, on-demand data transmission, mobile video services (including but not limited to SMS, MMS, WAP, IVR, Streaming, 5G, mobile video and other wireless services), and its related publicity and promotion and other services.
(5) sub-license to other third parties for use in the manner described above.
6.3 The intellectual property rights of the content (including but not limited to software, technology, programs, web pages, text, pictures, images, audio, video, graphics, layout, electronic documents, etc.) provided by us in our Platform Services belong to us. The copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights of the software on which we provide our Platform Services are owned by us. No one may use (including but not limited to monitoring, copying, transmitting, displaying, mirroring, uploading, downloading) the content of our Platform Services without our permission, through any robot, "spider" or other program or device.
6.4 We provide technical support for the development and operation of our Platform Services and have all rights to all data and information generated in the course of the development and operation of our Platform Services to the extent permitted by laws and regulations.
6.5 Please do not use any of our trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, website names or other distinctive brand features, including but not limited to "Insta360" (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Marks"), under any circumstances). You may not display, use, or apply for registration of a trademark, domain name, etc., in any manner, either alone or in combination with the Marks described herein, nor may you do anything that expressly or impliedly entitles you to display, use, or otherwise deal with such Marks without our prior written consent. If you use our trademarks or logos in violation of this Agreement in a manner that causes damage to us or others, you shall bear full legal responsibility.
6.6 You understand and acknowledge that when using our Platform Services, you are exposed to content and information from a wide variety of sources and that we cannot be responsible for the accuracy, authenticity, availability, security, completeness and appropriateness of such content and information. You understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to content and information that is inaccurate, offensive, inappropriate or objectionable and that you will not hold us liable for such content and information. We do not endorse, recommend or express an opinion on any content and information uploaded, posted or transmitted by users on our Platform, nor do we accept any liability for errors, defects and loss or damage arising from any content and information, and any use of the content and information by you is at your own risk.
6.7 You agree that we may place commercial advertisements or any other type of commercial information in the course of providing the Services on our Platform in various ways (including, but not limited to, placing advertisements in any location on our Platform and placing advertisements in the content you upload or transmit), and you agree to accept that we may send you promotional or other relevant commercial information.
6.8 You agree to comply with the following laws and regulations in the course of using our Platform Services: the Law of the People's Republic of China on Keeping Confidentiality of State Secrets, Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China, Regulations of the People's Republic of China for Safety Protection of Computer Information Systems, Regulations for the Protection of Computer Software, Regulations on the Protection of the Right to Network Dissemination of Information and other laws and regulations relating to computer and Internet regulations. In any case, once we reasonably believe that your behavior may violate the above-mentioned laws and regulations, we may take the relevant default handling measures in section 11 at any time and without prior notice.

7. PROHIBITED CONTENT
You understand and warrant that the content you upload, post or transmit on our Platform (including information such as your user name) does not contain content that:
(1) opposes the fundamental principles established by the Constitution
(2) endangers national unity, sovereignty and territorial integrity
(3) leaks state secrets, endangers national security or damages national honor and interests
(4) incites ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, undermining national unity, or infringing on ethnic customs or habits
(5) undermines national religious policies, promoting cults and superstition
(6) disturbs social order and destabilizing society
(7) induces minors to commit crimes and exaggerating violence, obscenity, pornography, gambling, murder, and terrorist activities
(8) insults or slandering others, infringing on the privacy of citizens and other legitimate rights and interests of others
(9) endangers social morality and undermining the excellent cultural traditions of the nation
(10) Other contents prohibited by relevant laws, administrative regulations and state regulations.
If the content you upload, post or transmit contains information or content that violates the above laws and regulations, or violates the legitimate rights and interests of any third party, we have the right to suspend or terminate the provision of our Platform Services in accordance with the relevant provisions, save the relevant records and report to the competent government departments, and you will directly bear all the adverse consequences and responsibilities caused by this. At the same time, we have the right to terminate this Agreement and will not assume any responsibility. If this causes adverse consequences to us, you shall be responsible for eliminating the impact and compensating us for all losses caused by this, including and not limited to property damages, reputation damages, attorney's fees, transportation costs and other reasonable expenses incurred for the defense of rights.

8. PROHIBITED ACTIONS
(1) Impersonating another person, or you falsely claiming to be affiliated with any person or entity (including setting a false account name or accessing another user's account) when registering for an account or using our Platform Services.
(2) Falsifying headers or otherwise manipulating content in a way that causes others to believe that the content is transmitted by us.
(3) Uploading, posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting content that we are not authorized to transmit (e.g., internal information, confidential information).
(4) Sending any unsolicited or unauthorized spam, advertising or promotional material, or any other commercial communication.
(5) Using our Platform Services for any commercial purpose or for the benefit of any third party without our express permission.
(6) Stalking or otherwise harassing others.
(7) Engaging in any activity or transaction that is illegal or potentially illegal (as determined by us), including teaching criminal methods, selling any illegal drugs, money laundering activities, scams, etc.
(8) Gambling, providing gambling data or inducing others to participate in gambling activities through any means.
(9) Using or exploiting our intellectual property (including our trademarks, brands, logos, any other proprietary data or the layout or design of any web page) or otherwise infringe any of our intellectual property (including attempting to reverse engineer our Platform client or the software used).
(10) Accessing our Platform Services, collecting or processing content available through our Platform Services through the use of any automated programs, software, engines, web crawlers, web analytics tools, data mining tools or similar tools.
(11) Engaging in any "framing", "mirroring" or other techniques designed to mimic the appearance and features of our Platform Services.
(12) Interfering or attempting to interfere with any user's or any other party's access to our Platform Services.
(13) Intentionally distributing viruses, network worms, Trojan horses, corrupted files or other malicious code or items.
(14) Sharing or posting personally identifiable information about such persons without the express consent of such persons.
(15) Probing or testing our Platform Services, systems or other users' systems for vulnerability to intrusion attacks or otherwise circumvent (or attempt to circumvent) any security features of our Platform Services, systems or other users' systems.
(16) To decompile or reverse engineer software used by our Platform Services, or attempt to do any of the foregoing.
(17) Opening multiple accounts for the purpose of sabotage or abuse, or maliciously upload duplicate, invalid bulk data and information.
(18) Intentionally or unintentionally violating any relevant Chinese or local laws, rules, regulations, ordinances and other norms with legal effect.

9. INTERRUPTION OR TERMINATION OF SERVICE
You shall consciously comply with the above provisions, and we have no obligation to review and monitor your compliance with the above provisions; however, we or our authorized persons have the right to require you to correct or directly take all necessary measures (including but not limited to changing or deleting your uploaded or published content, etc., suspending or terminating your right to use the Service) at any time if the personal information you provide is untrue or if you violate any of the above provisions in using the Platform Service to mitigate the effects of your misconduct.
You understand and agree that the Platform Services provided by us on our Platform are provided in accordance with the current state of technology and conditions. We will do our best to provide the Platform Services to you and to ensure the continuity and security of our Platform Services. You understand that we cannot at any time or at all times anticipate and protect against legal, technical and other risks, including but not limited to force majeure, network causes, defects in third-party services, third-party websites, etc., that may result in interruption of service, failure to use our Platform Services properly and other losses and risks.
You understand that we need to periodically or irregularly overhaul or maintain our Platform (e.g., internet site, mobile network, etc.) or related equipment on which the Platform Services are provided, and that we shall not be liable for any interruption of our Platform Services for a reasonable period due to such circumstances, but we shall give prior notice whenever possible.
You are advised to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Account to access our Platform or other circumstances that may result in the theft or loss of your Account. You understand that it will take a reasonable amount of time for us to act on any request from you. Except for our fault, we will not be liable for any consequences that arise before we take action.
Except for our fault, you are responsible for the results of all actions taken under your Account (including, but not limited to, signing agreements, posting information, purchasing goods and services, and disclosing information online).

10. PROTECTION OF USERS' PERSONAL INFORMATION
WE ATTACH GREAT IMPORTANCE TO THE PROTECTION OF USERS' PERSONAL INFORMATION. WHEN WE PROVIDE SERVICES TO USERS THROUGH OUR PLATFORM, WE WILL COLLECT, STORE, USE, SHARE, TRANSFER, PUBLICLY DISCLOSE, PROTECT AND MANAGE USERS' INFORMATION AND PRIVACY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS. OUR PRIVACY POLICY IS SPECIFIED IN THE INSTA360 PRIVACY POLICY. USERS AGREE TO CAREFULLY READ AND FULLY UNDERSTAND AND ACCEPT THE PRIVACY POLICY AND AGREE THAT THE PRIVACY POLICY IS AN IMPORTANT PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. WE WILL CEASE TO CONTINUE COLLECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION ACTIVITIES WHEN WE CEASE TO OPERATE THE SITE.

11. LIABILITY FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT
11.1 Both parties shall jointly comply with this Agreement, and if one party breaches the Agreement and causes damage to the other party, the breaching party shall compensate the defending party for the damage.
11.2 Unless otherwise agreed by both parties, if the User breaches any of the obligations, promises, guarantees, etc. in this Agreement, we shall have the right to take one or more of the following measures to deal with the breach at any time concerning the circumstances of the breach, in particular the damage caused to us or the relevant third party.
(1) In case you violate this Agreement or other terms of service, we have the right to take measures such as advanced warning, refusal to post, immediate suspension of transmission of information, deletion of content or comments, short-term prohibition of posting content or comments, restriction of part or all of the account features until termination of the provision of services, permanent closure of an account, etc., at our independent judgment and as appropriate, for which you are unable to use your Account and related services normally and We shall not be responsible for any consequences such as not being able to access the relevant rights and interests in your account normally. We have the right to announce the results of the processing and decide whether to restore the use of the relevant account according to the actual situation. We will keep records of suspected violations of laws and regulations and suspected illegal and criminal acts, and have the right to report to relevant authorities, cooperate with relevant authorities in investigations, and report to public security authorities, etc. We have the right not to restore the deleted content.
(2) If you violate the provisions of this Agreement or other terms of service, resulting in complaints or litigation claims from third parties, you shall deal with them yourself and bear all legal responsibilities that may arise from them. If we, our affiliates, control companies or successor companies pay compensation to any third party or suffer punishment from state authorities as a result of your illegal or breach of contract, etc., you shall also fully compensate us, our affiliates, control companies or successor companies for all the losses suffered as a result.
(3) We respect and protect your and others' legal rights and interests such as intellectual property rights, reputation, name rights and privacy. You guarantee that the text, pictures, videos, audio, links, etc. uploaded while using our platform services do not infringe on the intellectual property rights, reputation, name rights, privacy and other legal rights and interests of any third party. Otherwise, we have the right to remove the allegedly infringing content if we are notified by the proprietor or the relevant party. If we, our affiliates, controlled companies or successor companies suffer losses (including but not limited to economic and goodwill losses) as a result of your infringement, you shall also fully compensate us, our affiliates, control companies or successor companies for all losses suffered.

12. SPECIAL AGREEMENT
We provide the services of our Platform as far as the available technology and conditions allow. We are obligated by law, but cannot be held liable for the results of damage caused to you by the maintenance of information network equipment, connection failures, computer, communication or other system failures, hacking activities, computer viruses, power failures, strikes, riots, fires, floods, storms, explosions, war, governmental acts, orders of judicial and administrative authorities or by third parties. We control and provide our Platform Services through facilities in the People's Republic of China, and we do not guarantee that the services controlled or provided are appropriate or available in other countries or regions, and any user using our Platform Services in other jurisdictions should ensure their compliance with local laws and regulations, for which we shall not be liable.

13. DISCLAIMER
To the extent permitted by applicable law, our Platform disclaims all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including warranties of title, implied warranties of merchantability and warranties of fitness for a particular purpose.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you expressly acknowledge and agree that your use of our Platform is at your sole risk and responsibility. In no event and for no reason, including negligence, shall we be liable for damages, compensation or resulting losses (including direct, compensatory, incidental, indirect, special, material or punitive damages) arising out of or in connection with our Platform or the terms of our Platform Rules, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages, compensation or losses. without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, we shall not be liable to you or any third party for: (i) your use of, or inability to use, our platform for any reason; (ii) any content provided by or in connection with our Platform; (iii) inaccuracies, incompleteness or errors in the information provided on our Platform; (iv) unauthorized access to, or collection, storage or transmission through our Platform; (v) errors, system failures, network or system outages, file corruption or interruptions in service; or (vi) any other use of our Platform by you. In addition, we shall not be liable if our Platform (or part thereof) is unable to provide the Platform Services or to perform its obligations under this Agreement as a direct or indirect result of equipment, transmission or delivery problems, or other industrial disputes, war, natural disaster, terrorism, explosion, force majeure or other events beyond our control.
Notwithstanding anything in these terms and conditions, our cumulative liability to you for all actions will at all times be limited to RMB 1 YUAN.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer, exclusion or limitation of certain warranties, liabilities and damages, so the above disclaimers, exclusions and limitations may not apply to you. In such jurisdictions, our liability will be limited to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

14. CHANGES TO THE AGREEMENT
We may amend this Agreement and the Supplemental Agreement in accordance with changes in national laws and regulations and changes in our Platform Services, and we will notify you of such changes (the "Changes") in the manner set out in Section 15 of this Agreement. You should pay attention to our Platform announcements, alerts and changes to the content of the Agreement from time to time.
You acknowledge and confirm that if you do not agree to the Changes, you shall immediately cease using our Platform Services as of the effective date determined by the Changes; if you continue to use our Platform Services after the Changes become effective, you shall be deemed to know and agree to accept the Changes as they become effective.

15. NOTICE
You agree that we may serve notices of any kind on you in the following reasonable manner.
(1) Publicly announced copy.
(2) Site messages, pop-up messages, and push messages.
(3) Emails, SMS, correspondence, etc., based on the contact information you have reserved on our Platform.

16. TERMINATION OF THE AGREEMENT
16.1 Circumstances of Termination
You have the right to terminate this Agreement in any of the following ways.
(1) If you cancel your account through the website when the liquidation conditions such as account cancellation as published on our Platform Website are met.
(2) If you discontinue use and expressly do not wish to accept the Changes before they become effective.
(3) You expressly do not want to continue to use our Platform services and meet the conditions for termination of our Platform.
16.2 We may terminate this Agreement by giving you notice in the manner set out in clause 15 of this Agreement if:
(1) you breach this Agreement and we terminate this Agreement pursuant to the breach clause.
(2) you transfer your Account, steal another person's account, publish prohibited content and information, cheat others, or use improper means to make profits, and we seize your Account in accordance with our platform rules.
(3) in addition to the above, your Account is blocked by us in accordance with our Platform rules because you have repeatedly violated the relevant provisions of our Platform Rules and the circumstances are serious.
(4) your Account is canceled or liquidated by us in accordance with this Agreement.
(5) you have violated the legitimate rights and interests of others or other serious violations of the law in our Platform.
(6) other cases where we should terminate the Platform Services in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.
16.3 Handling after the termination of the Agreement
Upon termination of this Agreement, we shall not be obliged to disclose any information in your account to you or a third party designated by you, except as expressly provided by law.
Upon termination of this Agreement, we have the following rights.
(1) Cease collecting and using your personal information, but may continue to store other content and information you retain on our Platform for the reasons set forth in the Insta360 Privacy Policy.
(2) We may still hold you liable for past breaches of this Agreement.

17. APPLICABLE OF LAW, JURISDICTION AND OTHER
The laws of the People's Republic of China (for the purpose of this Agreement, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) shall apply to the formation, entry into force, interpretation, amendment, supplementation, termination, enforcement and dispute resolution of this Agreement; if there is no relevant provision in the law, reference shall be made to commercial practices and/or industry practices. Disputes arising out of your use of our Platform Services and related to our Platform Services shall be resolved by negotiation between you and us. If no negotiation is reached, either party shall file a lawsuit with the People's Court in the location of Arashi Vision Inc.
If any provision of this Agreement is deemed to be invalid, void or unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement.
</details>

<details>
<summary> Privacy Policy </summary>
Insta360 Privacy Policy
Introduction
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our products and software, and other platform services (the "Platform Services") provided by the Platform Operator (hereinafter referred to as "Insta360", "We", or "Us"). Please read the Insta360 Privacy Policy (the "Policy") carefully and fully understand how we collect and use your personal information so that you can make choices. This Policy describes:
1. Information we collect and use
2. Cookies we use
3. How we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
4. How we protect and store your personal information
5. How you manage your personal information
6. Protection of children’ information
7. Intellectual property licensing and declaration
8. Notices and amendments
If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the Platform Services. By clicking "Agree" and using any of the services provided on the Platform, you agree that we may lawfully use and protect your personal information in accordance with this Policy.
If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the Platform Services. By clicking "Agree" and using any of the services provided on the Platform, you agree that we may lawfully use and protect your personal information in accordance with this Policy.
Unless otherwise agreed, terms used in this Policy have the same meanings as those in the Insta360 User Service Agreement. We will comply with the existing laws and regulations and handle your personal information appropriately based on legal and legitimate means and in good faith. If you have any questions about this Policy, you can contact us through the contact information posted on our Platform.

1.	Information we collect and use
Personal information is all kinds of information related to an identified or identifiable natural person, recorded electronically or by other means. In order to provide you with better, more optimal and personalized services, Insta360 will only process your personal information for the purposes, collection methods and scope of use set out in this Policy, in accordance with the principles of legality, legitimacy and necessity.
Your personal information may contain sensitive personal information such as your racial or ethnic origin, political views, religious/philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, information relating to health/sex life/sexual orientation, genetic information, biometric information processed to identify a specific individual, etc. You may upload or post such sensitive information in public channels when you use our services. Please handle such sensitive personal information carefully.

1.1	Information we collect
Depending on the type and content of the services you choose, Insta360 may collect, store and use the personal information listed below under different circumstances.
(i)The information you fill in when you register as an Insta360 user, such as your account and password, user name, avatar, registered e-mail address.
(ii)The information you fill in when you make purchases at the Insta360 official store, such as your cell phone number, delivery address, bank card number, and email address.
(iii)The information you submit when you use Insta360 series products and clients, such as your WI-FI connection status, serial number of your hardware, granting Insta360 to access your cell phone videos and photos.
(iv)The information you fill in when you receive our customer service or participate in our events, such as your name, cell phone number, email address, home address, questionnaire.
(v)Information you upload and publicly post through the Insta360 Platforms, such as your username, nickname, avatar, and the text, images, and video you post, including the model of the device you used to take the images or video, the time you took them, and geographic location information.
(vi)Text, images and video content that you upload through the Insta360 Platforms but do not publicly post, as well as information related to it such as the model of the device used to take the picture or video, the time and date of when it was taken, and geographic location information.
(vii)Information related to your communications via email or our websites, such as records of communications between you and us.
(viii)Information related to your device that we may read when you access our web pages through your computer or access our mobile web pages through your mobile phone, download or use our or our affiliates' software to use our services, such as media access control (MAC) address, browser name and version, language, geolocation information, device manufacturer and model, device identification number, operating system, resolution, telecom operators, etc.
(ix)To improve the security of your use of our services and to more accurately prevent phishing site scams and Trojan horses, we may determine the risk of your account by knowing some of your Internet usage habits, information about the software you commonly use, and may record URLs that we consider risky.
(x) Other personal information that you provide to us.
(xi)In order to provide and optimize our services, when you use the services, we will collect information about: 
(a) When you download or use our software, or use our Platform Services by accessing mobile web pages, we may read the information of your device, such as device model, device identifier, operating system, screen resolution, telecom operators, etc.
(b) When you use our Platform services or visit our Platform web pages, we automatically receive and record information of your browser and computer, such as your medium access control (MAC) address, GPS address, screen resolution, operating system and its version, device manufacturer and its model, language, Internet browser and its version and the name of the software you are using and its version and the time of when the pictures and/or videos were taken.
(c) Information contained in the content you upload through our Platform, such as the date, time and location of the shared photos or videos taken or uploaded.

1.2 How we use the information we collect
Insta360 strictly abides by the provisions of laws and regulations and the agreements with users under this Policy to use the information collected for the following purposes. If we intend to use your information for purposes beyond those listed below, we will explain this to you and obtain your consent in advance.
(i) Review and approve the user's account registration application.
(ii) To provide users with the basic service features of the services and software and hardware of our platform used.
(iii) Passing your application and responding to your queries.
(iv) To send you relevant information, such as changes to our policy terms, conditions and policies regarding the services.
(v) Completing surveys about our products or related services, or promotions and campaigns that you have chosen to participate in.
(vi) Facilitating social sharing features.
(vii) To provide you with personalized service.
(viii) To provide you with relevant information about our products and services or the products or services of our affiliates or other third parties, and to push seminars or interest groups related to products and services to you.
(ix) To prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security hazards, illegal or violations of agreements, policies or rules with us or our affiliates in order to protect the legal rights of you, our other users, or us or our affiliates.
(x) We may use, share or disclose information from one service in combination with information from other services for the purpose of providing you with a more personalized use of the service, such as the need to give you a broader social circle.
(xi) For auditing, developing new products, analyzing usage trends, improving operational efficiency and promoting promotional purposes.
(xii) Other uses for which we have your consent.
We may use the foregoing information to push you ads that may be of interest to you, such as pushing you information about our products and services. If you do not wish to receive such information, you may unsubscribe by replying to the email or by setting your cell phone to unsubscribe from receiving the push.

1.3	Exceptions to the collection and use of personal information
You understand and agree that we have the right to collect and use your personal information without your consent in the following circumstances.
(i) Circumstances involving national security, national defense security.
(ii) Situations involving public safety, public health, and significant public interest.
(iii) Cases involving crime investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments.
(iv) For the purpose of safeguarding the life, property and other significant legitimate rights and interests of the subject of personal information or other individuals but where it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual.
(v) Circumstances where it is necessary for us to perform our statutory duties or legal obligations.
(vi) The handling of personal information within a reasonable range for the implementation of news reporting, public opinion monitoring and other acts in the public interest.
(vii) Where the personal information involved is disclosed to the public by the subject of the personal information or the guardian himself/herself.
(viii) Personal information collected from legitimate public disclosures, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure and other channels.
(ix) Necessary to enter into and perform a contract at your request.
(x) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of our Platform Services, such as the detection and disposal of product or service failures.
(xi) Necessary for academic research institutions to conduct statistical or academic research in the public interest and to de-identify the personal information contained in the results when providing the results of academic research or descriptions to the public.
(xii) For other circumstances specified by laws and administrative regulations.

1.4 Rules for the use of the information we collect
1.4.1 We will use the personal information collected for the purposes set out in this Policy and for the purpose of carrying out the features of our services.
1.4.2 After collecting your personal information, we will de-identify the information through technical means, and the de-identified information will not identify the subject. Please understand and agree that information obtained through the foregoing activities will be treated by us as non-personal information, unless otherwise required by applicable laws and regulations. We may provide our partners with aggregate information obtained on the basis of de-identified information about how users use and viewpoints provided through the Software so that our partners have an understanding of the frequency, volume and activities of users using the Software. For the avoidance of doubt, under this section, we will only use the information for lawful purposes and the aggregate information provided to our partners will not indicate any specific user. We may also use or share with third parties for lawful purposes any information that we have collected in the aggregate or that is not identifiable.
1.4.3 Please understand and agree that for all personal information you provide while using our products and/or services, unless you delete or reject our collection through system settings, you will be deemed to have continuously authorized consent to our use for the duration of your use of our products and/or services. When you cancel your account, we will stop using and delete your personal information.
1.4.4 We will seek your prior express consent when we want to use your personal information for purposes other than those stated in this Policy, or when personal information collected for a specific purpose is used for other purposes. Please understand that the products and/or platform services we provide to you are subject to change from time to time. If you choose to use other products and/or services not listed in this Policy, we will provide you with a detailed explanation of the purpose, manner and scope of collection and seek your consent through agreements, page prompts and other means before collecting your personal information. If you do not agree to provide the aforementioned information, you may not be able to use the product and/or service, but it will not affect your use of existing products and/or services.

2. Cookies and similar technologies we use
2.1 How we use cookies
To make your visit easier, Insta360 may identify you through small data files when you visit our Platform Sites or use our Platform Services in order to eliminate the need for you to repeatedly enter registration information or to help estimate the security of your account. These data files may be cookies, Flash cookies, or other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications (collectively, "Cookies"). The cookies technology used by Insta360 does not capture personal email addresses or any personal information.
Cookies are used primarily to enhance your experience when visiting our Platform websites or using our Platform Services, to provide you with customized display options, to provide statistical reports on web activity, or to secure software and website security requirements. We also use cookies to preload relevant content.
When you first visit our Platform website or use our Platform services, if you agree to our use of Cookies in accordance with the terms of this Policy, you are allowing us to use Cookies each time you visit or use thereafter. you can disable Cookies by configuring your browser, or by alerting you when a website uses Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to use the features or services of our Platform or website properly.

2.2 Third-party SDKs
Third-party SDKs are embedded in our mobile applications. These third-party SDKs can cooperate with us to provide you with more comprehensive services, and may collect your personal information at the same time. We will take necessary measures to control the collection and use of these third-party SDKs to ensure that your personal information is effectively protected. Regarding the identity of the third party, the purpose of collecting personal information and the link to its privacy policy, please refer to Appendix A "Instructions for Third Party SDKs".

2.3 Third-party products and services
Our Platform services may include products or services provided by third parties, and we have no right to control, review or modify the content, privacy policy and activities of the products or services of third parties, and therefore do not assume any responsibility. When you use the products or services provided by third parties in our Platform, you should comply with the third party's user agreement and understand the relevant privacy policy in addition to this agreement. We recommend that you read their terms of service and privacy policies carefully before leaving our Platform and accessing other websites or resources.
We hired Forter, a trusted third-party service provider, to help prevent online frauds. When you visit our official store (https://store.insta360.com/), Forter will use and process your personal information in accordance with applicable privacy and data protection laws, such as information related to your order, online behavior information during your interaction with us, which will be submitted for real-time and automatic fraud assessment. To achieve the aforementioned purposes, your personal information may be transferred or stored in countries/regions that may be located outside the European Union, outside our jurisdiction, and outside your jurisdiction. You can read Forter's privacy policy (https://www.forter.com/services-privacy-policy/) to understand how it may use and process your personal information.
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, and other operations of any third party, including any third-party operated websites or services to which the software links. The content to which the software provides links does not constitute an endorsement by Insta360 of its website or services. Please note that we are not responsible for the collection, use and disclosure policies and practices (including data security practices) of other organizations, including personal information that you disclose to other organizations through the Software.

3. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
3.1	Sharing of personal information
In order to provide you with better, more optimal, more personalized services, or to jointly provide services to you, or for the purpose of preventing Internet fraud, Insta360' affiliates, partners or other third parties may share your personal information with us as required by law or as agreed with you or with your consent.
3.1.1 We may share your personal information with a partner after obtaining your explicit consent, provided that the partner agrees to assume the same level of responsibility for protecting user privacy as Insta360.
3.1.2 We may share your personal information with the public in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations or other legal obligations, or in accordance with the requirements of public prosecution and law enforcement agencies.
3.1.3 We may share your personal information externally in order to protect the public interest or at the request of government authorities.
3.1.4 If you are an eligible IPR complainant and have filed a complaint, to disclose necessary information to the respondent at the respondent's request in order for the parties to deal with possible disputes over rights.
3.1.5 To deal with disputes or controversies between you and others in order to protect the rights of you, our employees, and other users or individuals.
3.1.6 To investigate, prevent or deal with related potential or suspected illegal activities, fraudulent and threatening acts to personal security, or violations of the provisions of the software terms and conditions.
3.1.7 To guarantee the performance of the User Service Agreement, and other agreements to which Insta360 or the User is a party.
3.1.8 To share necessary user personal information with affiliated companies as permitted by law and subject to this Policy.
3.1.9 In the event of a merger or acquisition of us, we may share your personal information with buyers (or potential buyers) or third parties in connection with due diligence related to that transaction.
3.1.10 Other situations in which we obtain your express consent.
Please note that any information (including personal information) you upload to the public areas of our Service Platform may be seen, collected and used by other visitors. You are solely responsible for any personal information you choose to upload to the public areas of the software.
We provide you with relevant links for you to share the content to Facebook, YouTube and other social platforms, you should comply with the relevant rules of Facebook, YouTube and other platforms when sharing the content, and your aforementioned sharing behavior is your own responsibility. Our servers do not store the content you share to other platforms, but we have the right to use such shared content, including but not limited to sharing and using it for secondary interpretation and other commercial purposes.

3.2 Transfer of personal information
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except for the following circumstances:
(i) with your prior express consent or authorization.
(ii) provided in accordance with the relevant agreements or other legal documents signed with you.
(iii) in the event of a merger, acquisition, transfer of assets, bankruptcy and liquidation or similar circumstances involving the transfer of personal information, you understand and agree that your personal information will be transferred to the relevant third party company or organization. Insta360 may require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this Policy, or we may require that the company or organization to seek your authorized consent again.

3.3Disclosure of information
We will only publicly disclose your personal information if we take security measures that are consistent with industry standards and if 
(i) Disclosure of your personal information specified by you in accordance with your needs and in the manner of disclosure expressly agreed by you.
(ii) In the event that we are required to provide your personal information by law, regulation, mandatory administrative enforcement or judicial requirements, we may publicly disclose your personal information based on the type of personal information requested and the manner of disclosure. Subject to laws and regulations, when we receive a request for such disclosure, we will require that a legal document, such as a subpoena or letter of inquiry, to be issued. We strongly believe in being as transparent as possible about the information we are asked to provide, to the extent permitted by law. We carefully review all requests to ensure that they have a legal basis and are limited to data that law enforcement has a legal right to obtain for specific investigative purposes.

4. How we protect and store your personal information
4.1 Protection of your personal information
To ensure the security of your personal information, we strive to protect your personal information from disclosure, destruction or loss by implementing a variety of reasonable physical, electronic and managerial security measures, such as SSL, encrypted storage of information, and data center access control.
We also adopt strict management of employees or outsourced personnel who may have access to your information, such as adopting different authority control according to the nature of the position, signing confidentiality agreements with them, monitoring their operation and other measures. We will provide appropriate security measures in accordance with the available technology to protect your information, provide reasonable security guarantees and protect your information from leakage, destruction or loss.
Your account is protected by security features, so please keep your account and password information safe. We will ensure that your account information is not lost, misused or altered by backing up to other servers, encrypting your password, and other security measures. Notwithstanding the foregoing security measures, please understand that there are no "perfect security measures" on the network of information.
When using our Platform Services for online transactions, you will inevitably have to disclose your personal information, such as bank account information, contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially your account and password, please contact our customer service immediately so that we can take appropriate actions as soon as possible.
As stated above, while Insta360 strives to protect the personal information of all users to ensure that each user's personal information is kept confidential; Insta360 cannot fully guarantee the security of your personal information. If our physical, technical, or administrative protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, resulting in damage to your legal rights and interests, we will assume appropriate legal responsibility. After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, promptly inform you of: the basic situation of the security incident and the possible impact, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, the suggestions you can independently prevent and reduce the risk, and the remedial measures for you. We will promptly inform you of the event-related situation by email, telephone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will take a reasonable and effective way to issue an announcement. At the same time, we will also take the initiative to report the disposition of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities. Unauthorized intrusion or use, hardware or software errors, and other factors may threaten the security of user information at any time, and users understand, know and assume this risk.

4.2 Storage of your personal information
Information and materials collected about you by Insta360 will be stored on our and/or our affiliates' servers and may be transferred to, accessed, stored and displayed in your country, region or location where we collect the information and materials.
We will store your personal information collected in the People's Republic of China (hereinafter referred to as "China") in accordance with the laws and regulations.
Since we provided our products or services through resources and servers around the world, this means that your personal information may be transferred to, or accessed from, the jurisdictions outside of the country in which you use the product or service, with your authorized consent.
Such jurisdictions may have different data protection laws, or even no such laws. In such cases, we will ensure that your personal information is adequately protected to the same extent as in the People's Republic of China. For example, we may request your consent for cross-border transfers of personal information or implement security measures such as data de-identification prior to cross-border data transfers.
Insta360 will only store your personal information for the minimum time necessary for the purposes described in this Policy for the entire duration of providing you with services on our Platform, unless otherwise required by law or regulation or unless otherwise agreed to by you. After the aforementioned storage period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information. In addition, we will retain personal information from canceled accounts as required by law or as necessary to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist in any investigations, or to carry out other actions permitted by the Policy and other agreements and laws.

5. How you manage your personal information
In accordance with the relevant Chinese laws, regulations and standards, as well as the prevailing practices in other countries and regions, we protect your right to exercise the following rights with respect to your personal information.

5.1 Right to Access to personal information
You have the right to access your personal information as provided by laws and regulations. If you wish to access and edit your personal information in your account, you may do so by logging into your account on our website or App and accessing the relevant pages for personal information, changing your password, changing your email address, etc.

5.2 Right to correct your information
If you discover that we have processed your personal information incorrectly, you have the right to request that we make corrections. You may contact us at any time through the contact information provided on the website or in the App, or send email to service@insta360.com. 

5.3 Right to delete personal information
You may make a request to us to delete personal information in the following cases:
(i) our collection and use of personal information is in violation of laws and regulations.
(ii) we have handled personal information in violation of the agreement with you.
(iii) we collect or process your personal information without your consent.
(iv) you no longer use our products or services, or you cancel your account.
(v) we no longer provide products or services to you.

5.4 The right to restrict the handling of personal information
You may limit our processing of your personal information in the following circumstances.
(i) when you question the accuracy of the personal information we have collected about you, or when we are verifying the accuracy of the personal information in question
(ii) when you believe that our processing of your personal information is unlawful.
(iii) when we no longer need your personal information in question for the processing purposes set out in this Policy, but you need that personal information for legal claims.
(iv) when the legal basis for processing your personal information is in the public interest, or in the legitimate interests of us and third parties.

5.5 Right to object to personal information
You have the right to object at any time to our processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes, as well as the right to object to automated decision-making, including analysis that has legal effect or significant impact on you. You have the right to adjust the scope of the personal information we continue to collect or withdraw your authorization at any time, and when you withdraw such consent or authorization, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information and will not be able to continue to provide you with the services for which you have withdrawn your consent or authorization. Your adjustment of the scope of your authorization will not affect the processing of your personal information by Insta360 based on your consent or authorization prior to the adjustment.

5.6 Right to portability of personal information
You have the right to request to receive your personal information collected by us and the right to send such personal information to other data controllers.

5.7 How you can view or edit your personal information
Our Platform Services support you in viewing and editing the personal information you have entered. In addition, you may contact us at the email address at the bottom of this Policy to make a request or to have us update or correct the personal information collected by the software. Please note that Insta360 may retain and use your personal information for audit purposes to resolve disputes, assist in investigations, guarantee our policies, or comply with legal requirements, in accordance with applicable law.

You may choose not to provide your personal information when using the software. However, if the information request is not optional and you choose not to provide the required personal information, then you may not be able to use certain features of the software.
You may refuse to receive emails from the Software by selecting the unsubscribe link in your email message, but please note that this will prevent you from participating in all activities of the Software.
You can configure your app message push to be off, but you may not receive timely information including but not limited to app updates, official notifications, etc.

5.8 Respond to the above request
If you are unable to access, correct, delete, or view and edit your personal information in the manner described above, or if you believe that Insta360 has violated any laws, administrative regulations, or agreements with you regarding the processing of your personal information, you may contact us through the channels set forth in this Policy. For security purposes, you may be required to provide a written request or otherwise prove your identity. We may first ask you to verify your identity and process your request within 15 business days. In principle, we do not charge any fees for your reasonable requests, but we will charge a cost fee for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits, as appropriate. We may refuse requests that are unwarrantedly repetitive, require excessive technical means (requiring the development of new systems or fundamental changes to current practices), pose a risk to the legal rights of others, or are impractical (involving backups of information stored on tapes).
In the following cases, according to the laws and regulations, we cannot respond to your request:
(i) directly related to national security or national defense security.
(ii) directly related to public safety, public health, and significant public interests.
(iii) directly related to crime investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments, etc.
(iv) where there is sufficient evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights.
(v) where responding to your request will result in serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations.
(vi) where trade secrets are involved.
If we respond to your request for deletion, we will also notify the entities from which we obtained your personal information and request that they delete the corresponding information in a timely manner, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation or unless these entities have your independent authorization.

6. Protection of Children’s information
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. Children may not register for an account on our Platform or send us personal information such as their names, address, phone numbers, email address, etc., unless permitted by local law and their guardians have given their consent. We will only use or publicly disclose personal information collected from children with the consent of their guardians as permitted by law, with the express consent of the guardian, or as necessary to protect the child.
If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child without the consent of the child's guardian, we will delete the data as soon as we are aware of it. If you believe that we may improperly hold personal information from or about a child, please contact us.
Although local laws or customs define children differently, we consider anyone under the age of 14 to be a child. If we find ourselves collecting personal information from children without prior verifiable parental consent, we will seek to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.

7. Intellectual Property Rights License and Declaration
You have rights to your personal information in accordance with the law. In order to provide you with the services you use, and to maintain and improve those services and optimize the quality of our services, you agree to grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, distribute, perform and display your submitted data or create derivative works on our Platform, other than personal information. , modify, rewrite, publish, translate, distribute, perform and display the data you submit or create derivative works from it.
Unless otherwise agreed or stated by Insta360, all intellectual property rights (including, but not limited to, copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, etc.) in all content (other than content copyrighted by users in accordance with law), technology, software, programs, data and other information (including, but not limited to, text, images, pictures, photographs, audio, video, graphics, color, layout, electronic files) on our Platform and related rights, are owned by Insta360 or Insta360's affiliates. No one may use (including but not limited to reproduction, distribution, display, mirroring, uploading, downloading, modifying, renting) without the permission of Insta360.
The Logo, "Insta360", "V Live" and other words, graphics and combinations thereof, as well as other logos, symbols, product and service names of our Platform are trademarks of Insta360 or Insta360's affiliates in China or other countries. You may not display, use or otherwise deal with them in any way, or indicate to others that you have the right to display, use or otherwise deal with them, without written authorization from Insta360.
Insta360 has full intellectual property rights to proprietary content, original content and other exclusive or exclusive content obtained through licensing. Without permission from Insta360, no unit or individual may reproduce, distribute or provide viewing services or otherwise infringe upon Insta360's intellectual property rights, or else they will assume all related legal responsibilities.
If you find any infringement, please contact us immediately, we will deal with it promptly.

8. Notices and Revisions
This Policy may be updated in order to provide you with better service and as Insta360's innovative business grows. However, we will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your express consent. We will post an updated version of the Policy on the Insta360s website and mobile site and will remind you of relevant updates by appropriate means before they become effective, and please also visit our platform to keep up to date with the latest Privacy Policy.

We will also provide more prominent notice of material changes (including, but not limited to, a special notice on the page you visit to explain the specific changes to the Policy).
Material changes within the meaning of this Policy include, but are not limited to:
(i) Significant changes to our service model. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way personal information is used, etc.
(ii) Significant changes in our ownership structure, organizational structure, etc. Such as change of ownership caused by business restructuring, bankruptcy and merger, etc.
(iii) Changes in the main recipients of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure.
(iv) Significant changes in your rights to participate in the handling of personal information and the manner in which they are exercised.
(v) When there is a change in the department responsible for handling personal information security, our contact method and complaint channel.
(vi) When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a high risk.
We will also keep an older version of the Policy on file for your review.

9. How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments or complaints about the Policy, or wish to contact us, please contact us as follows: a. For specific questions related to the software or a user's personal account (including access to your own personal information), please send emails to service@insta360.com ; b. For general inquiries or complaints about privacy issues, please send an email to service@insta360.com, or write to us at the following address: 12F, Building T2, Everest Qianhai Financial Center, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China.

If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if our handling of personal information has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you may also file a complaint or report to the regulatory authorities such as NetInfo, telecommunications, public security and industry and commerce.

Appendix A :Instructions for Third Party SDKs

</details>